Ball for Andres Iniesta hit him on the
back equal and in the shipment of sergio
bouquets
touré yayá iniesta for xavi xabi for
Tunisia has opened to Leo to Samuel Eto'o
who receives returns for touré yaya
play back on carles puyol ball
that arrives at xavi xabi against raúl no
there is to send it long carlos no te
believe that from time to time this is wrong
because it is female doubt in the
white shirts without sic before aa and
we already see to see bird is going to arrive boxes
he's going to get there he does not need to control
obvious is that really cars do not think
which is able to control against what is going to
buy the barça but this is not where
lies the result carlos el barça
seems to grow in the last minutes
all xavi plays every ball Abidal
henri up to now tremendous protagonist
of the game delivering the ball to
vidal vidal about andré iniesta is
asking on the other side alves the ball
comes inside for xavi and cuts and
he turns to fabio cannavaro for
in front of gago the delivery for me yes
there goes the little flea touches
because all this within the area to the
coast to shoot squares
recover the ball touré yaya let run
it was and it goes from lake it opens up to
offer this I'm facing on
heinze starts inside he plays for xavi
can daniel see fast for touré yaya
the madrid does not get the pressure the ball
andrés iniesta arriving to give by
Andre's back and it comes down the middle
as forward samuel eto'o the ball
for the flea there is month and month and I have
at the same time in this opportunity the
pulls out
and now he's touched michael touches the ball
is floating in the sea here in the
party by 3-1 and they have thought team
of 6 at the moment it is not like that and it does not smell
ball does not smell the ball and although if
They know that a little bit of soccer is not lacking
to score a goal but you have to score
the quanta already without the barca brand
another is now a dance right now
FC Barcelona
short the ball the barca plays iniesta
Touch for Leo Messi Leo Messi Cutting
there about fernando gago is associated with
xavi and is distinguished by the band by
incorporates vidal to abidal that against
the ball in ri waits on the side
iniesta returns for vidal abidal by
inside for xavi a touch for touré
Once again, change the
recover plays the ball for Andrew and
change direction over the calls one
more time is slowed down sleep the ball sings
the game from behind pique dani alves
this comes inside new balls
for gerard piqué he plays piqué on knows
wise hands the ball to Andrew
iniesta
and that now
Avoid even the corner
to take out in rival rÃ © a to xavi xabi
back it's your turn to iniesta leaves
support is outlying short Toure wants the
ball comes to Andres Iniesta's
manchego between casual dani alves
they come short again andré iniesta yes
hungry on the band this again
dani dani opens the ball definitely
for Samuel this is with the gringo
comes inside touré yaya arrives at
in front of Raul plays fast this plays
for carles puyol the balls that arrive
for xavi asks for it inside leo messi
opening the band for vidal loved with
the long uncheck to receive in short
in ring comes messi touches her fast
madrid does not arrive plays the ball xavi xabi
change for Andres Iniesta there is no getting
there is no time for the
pressure there he tries with race he has
managed to get to iniesta touches the
ball this for Andrey Andrey delivery
for dani alves
in excess at some time and the truth
that is being a beautiful match
football that I hope will end with 22
players on the pitch
the ball stops in a ring facing
sergio ramos threatens to open the
hollow and touch back on andré iniesta
on the line of cal touches xavi returns
andrés can messi ya xavi is slowing down
new the perfect one for André
Iniesta returns the game of Barcelona
trim follows andrés attention inside the
shooting area
with authority he plays xavi xabi for
André iniesta well in the short month and month and
certainly he told us something
that also shows intelligence
tactic of de pep guardiola that
He has evidently already given many samples
throughout the season the bar in
madrid lived the whole week talking about
anti-messi plan
the output of heinze good as it turns out
that goes and puts messi forward center and
the one that makes you dance with heinze
samuel eto'o ball for barcelona plays
xavi carles puyol
puyol for piqué piqué opens the ball the
band plays with dani alves dan and por
inside you the head touch iniesta to
a touch and how does the keita
xavi iniesta iniesta xavi already correct
Barcelona remains on leftover andres
iniesta leaves by the band already running
dani alves ball that arrives at dani alves
and it is a penalty that has not been protested by
the side of Barcelona I think that in
based on the superiority you are seeing
all the bench and even pep
guardiola on the pitch dani
alves leo messi leo messi tearing off
cut out the sacito in short to danny him
returns to read this time for danny
again for leo
players has been clear head to head
is asking you I think you have to
start thinking from now on
the chelsea and that's saying pep
guard it to your players attention to
xavi the front of the area knows how to cut
the perfect mind leo messi leo messi
about barcelona
is
life lets her pass for samuel eto'o
the only thing that is certainly missing in the
scoring party seeing that he has scored
27 this season are 22 and puyol and pique
and that the central cars ball for
xavi the barça is still left over
asking for bojan in the bojan corner that
get boeing that try to stay on
people get the ball rejects people play
messi messi for danny returns for
dani alves follows month and month and danny month and
danny someone is going to take a ticket
he comes across his style his everything to those who
they have the league in their hands without iva '
obviously and you have to go to
london but I do not see how they can
lose matches are